when you become super wealthy it's
important to be able to travel in
comfort and style for those whom first
class cabins won't do there's always the
option of buying your own private jet
but even these come in a wide range of
prices and sizes from the smaller luxury
models to the ornate flying palaces
these are 10 of the most expensive
private jets in the world number 10 the
Gulfstream g550 for million dollars the
Gulfstream g550 sign with the first only
being delivered to a customer in
September of 2018 the 91 foot 2 inch
long jet has a wingspan of 87 feet and
an inch a cruising speed of around 448
miles per hour and in its delivery spec
there's room for 10 people to sleep the
interior is incredibly luxurious and
includes 27 inch wide seats ample
Headroom to walk around height
adjustable conference tables and plenty
of storage room with a price tag of 44
million dollars the cabin can be
customized to your requirements such as
the choice of whether the galley is in
the front or the back and it comes with
high-speed Internet access that's said
to be 30 times faster than other planes
in its class as with all private jets
the running cost can significantly
increase the total overall price but the
G 500 has been designed to be as
economical as possible
the total annual budget which includes
flying for 400 hours is approximately
2.4 million dollars which averages to
the cost of $13.22 per mile
number nine the hombre lineage 1000 II
based on the embraer lineage 190
regional jetliner the Brazilian company
describes the 1000
as an ultra large business jet with a
spacious interior big enough to easily
accommodate 19 people it's just shy of a
hundred and nineteen feet long with a
wingspan of 94 feet and 3 inches and as
a range of five thousand two hundred and
ninety four miles at a cruising speed of
five hundred and forty three miles per
hour
the interior cabin is split into five
sections which includes a walk-in cargo
area to the rear a master bedroom a
bathroom with a walk-in shower an
entertainment lounge and a dining area
and if you happen to have changed from
the 53 million dollar asking price well
there's plenty of further optional
extras that can be fitted Embraer's
design chief J beaver has overseen
lavish redesigns of interiors that are
built to customers requirements
including the Kyoto airship along with
skylights and the Hollywood airship
which imbues the style and luxury of
1930s Tinseltown number 8 the Gulfstream
g650 er seventy one point five million
dollars the seventy one point five
million dollar g650 ER is Gulfstream's
flagship product and as you would expect
for the model held in such high regard
by the company it's one of the best you
can buy that specifically designed as a
private jet it's an extended range
version of the G 650 and can travel a
distance of eight thousand six hundred
miles at a cruising speed of five
hundred and sixty miles per hour it's
ninety nine feet nine inches long and
ninety nine feet seven inches wide and
has of 2138 cubic foot cabin that can be
configured for between 11 to 18
passengers the interior is decorated
with which leather fine wood veneers and
handcrafted stonework it includes a
standard audio and high-definition TV
equipment a convection oven a series of
26 inch wide screen televisions and it
comes fully equipped with dinnerware and
cutlery so you'll be ready to entertain
by using an app on
smartphone you'll be able to control the
temperature lighting the shades and the
windows and entertainment devices while
you're onboard the wireless network
that's connected to two multi-channel
satellite systems and ensures that
you're kept in contact with the ground
its cruising altitude is 51,000 feet
which keeps it above commercial traffic
and weather but the cabin is pressurized
to around 4,000 feet
so you'll hardly feel like you've flown
at all number seven the Bombardier
global 7500 73 million dollars the
Bombardier global 7500 is according to
the company the world's largest and
longest range business jet with a range
of eight thousand eight hundred miles
this gives the ability to make a nonstop
flight between New York and Australia in
ultimate comfort with four customisable
living spaces as well as an additional
crew resting area bombardier offers a
range of options when it comes to the
setup of the interior with choices of a
master suite with a walk-in shower a
club suite with for ergonomic seats
large TV and windows a conference suite
with room for 6 to sit and eat an
entertainment suite and even a private
three-person suite without buying a
larger plane and refitting it for your
needs this is as luxurious a private jet
as is possible to buy number six the
Boeing 757 one hundred million dollars
in 2011 Donald Trump bought a Boeing 757
from Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen and
gave it exactly the type of makeover
you'd expect from mr. Trump far beyond
simply having his name painted on the
outside the interior is what's made this
a 100 million dollar purchase it's
powered by a pair of rolls-royce rb211
turbofan engines and can fly for 16
hours and more than 500 miles an hour
the refurbishment of the plane that in a
commercial setup can carry up to 200
people now has room for just 43 some of
the features include a bedroom a dining
room a private guest room an
entertainment room and this jet even has
a 24 karat gold bath yes you heard that
correct every seat has a personal TV
screen
well with access to an entertainment
system that offers a library of more
than 1,000 movies and 2,500 audio CDs
there's also gold everywhere including
on the seatbelts and the family logo is
stamped on virtually every object in the
cabin number five the Airbus acj 319 mio
one hundred and one point five million
dollars
the Airbus acj 319 mio is a new model of
jet that completed test flights in early
2019 and the first is currently
scheduled for delivery in 2020 Airbus
has taken the popular a320neo and added
new engines and extra fuel tanks to
extend its range and upon it with Fokker
technique to customize the VIP cabin
onboard there's a focus on weight
reduction to make this jet as economical
to fly as possible but that doesn't mean
luxury is the second priority this
state-of-the-art cabin is built with all
the latest technologies such as low
altitude cabin pressure entertainment
facilities private cabins a conference
room and permanent connection to the
Internet through satellites in trials it
recently completed a 16-hour flight at
around 500 miles an hour with a
configuration that could seat a hundred
and sixty two people the first of these
a hundred and one point five million
dollar jets to be produced is for k5
aviation in Germany but with fourteen on
order it's quite possible there will be
one on the way to a billionaire near you
number four the Boeing 787-8
BBJ three hundred and twenty four point
six million dollars the Boeing
Dreamliner first went into commercial
use in 2011 and it was inevitable that
they would release a business version of
the jet something they did by 2014 the
first one was built in collaboration
with Kestrel and Greenpoint technologies
who spent two and a half years designing
and installing the custom interior the
list price of the 787 eight is two
hundred and twenty four point six
million dollars and the upgrades cost a
further 100 million dollars but as
you'll see it was all worth
as they have converted the plane into a
2,400 foot luxury flying home the master
suite accessible from the entrance is
completely separate from the rest of the
cabin and is designed to be an oasis of
silence it has a California king sized
bed a huge bathroom with marble sinks a
double sized walk-in shower and even
heated marble floors those with a lot of
luggage are catered for as the master
suite also comes equipped with its own
dressing room
a walk-in closet a refrigerator and a
safe beyond of the private quarters the
jet has an open main lounge designed to
feel as spacious as possible and
includes two day bets in front of a 55
inch flat screen display along with
other seats that have their own monitors
to the rear of this cabin is a VIP
lounge and then behind it is the guest
cabin with 18 first-class reclining
seats and a row of Premium Economy seats
for the staff the jet has a range of
11,500 miles so you can reach virtually
anywhere on earth number three the
Boeing 747-8 VIP over 367 million
dollars with 747 is probably the most
famous commercial airliner in the world
but for those able to afford it Boeing
also offers a private version of the jet
costing 367 million dollars for the base
model one recent and confidential client
is said to have spent another a hundred
million to upgrade the interior powered
by four
General Electric gen-x engines it can
fly ninety two hundred miles non-stop at
six hundred and forty-five miles an hour
and can be customized into virtually any
configuration a client would want the
recent craft designed by green point
technologies made use of the 4,000 786
square foot interior to include a
stateroom three large lounges in office
and a huge dining room where the table
that seats 14 people this is also the
model that's been announced to be the
replacement for Air Force One and that
an estimated 660 million dollars will
likely become the most expensive private
aircraft ever to be constructed plans
involve making two jets resistant to
media strikes nuclear war and terrorist
attacks with the ability to deploy
flares Jam radars and refuel in midair
on board they'll be able to seat about a
hundred people and all the equipment
needed to run the entire country number
two the Airbus a340 300 350 to 500
million dollars what's thought to be the
second most expensive private jet in the
world is owned by one of Russia's
wealthiest billionaires Alicia Guzman
all based on an Airbus a340 300 which
has a purchase price of 238 million
dollars an extensive refit means this
particular jet will have cost in excess
of 350 million dollars although no one
knows quite for sure at 209 feet long
and with four engines
it's the biggest private jet in Russia
and has a range of ten thousand three
hundred miles with a cruising speed of
540 miles per hour the high costs and
high fuel consumption mean that this
model isn't often used by civilian air
fleets but when you're one of the
richest people in the world it's
unlikely to matter very little is known
about the interior of use manav's jet
though as no images have ever been
released what is known is that it's
registered in the Isle of Man with the
registration M - I a bu which means I'm
Alicia Boer caneva CH use manof and it's
named ball cam after his father
number one the Airbus a380 over 600
million dollars also known as the flying
Palace the most expensive private jet
was conceived and ordered by Saudi
Arabian Prince Alwaleed bin Talal
in 2013 but he apparently sold it to an
unknown buyer before
even receiving delivery of the plane
it's a fully customized Airbus a380
which is the largest jet that's flown by
commercial carriers and costs four
hundred million dollars from the
assembly line refitting the interior of
the double-decker plane costs at least
200 million dollars and could actually
have been far more for this expense the
prince installed a concert hall a
Turkish bath a luxury car garage so he
could take his prized vehicles anywhere
he goes and a prayer room with
computer-controlled mats that
automatically rotate to face Mecca there
are five bedrooms which each have an
ensuite bathroom a king sized bed and a
dining area a meeting room and even a
luxury dining room where each of the 14
seats is equipped with foot rests
massages and adjustable supports there's
also a boardroom and a laid-back lounge
but undoubtedly the most standout
feature of this jet is the throne that's
pride and placed in the center the a380
has a cruising speed of 560 miles per
hour and a range of nine thousand two
hundred miles but you probably won't
notice how long your trip is with
amenities like this well I feel like
I've been in an airport all day I don't
know about you and if you had a few
hundred million dollars to spare let us
know how you would design and decorate
your own private jet if you enjoyed this
video make sure to leave a like and
subscribe as always on mr. luxury
pip-pip to doodly-doo
you